you know despite losing control of the
house
our president took a victory lap last
night he called the results
very close to a complete victory for
republicans
yes in the same way the world series was
very close to complete victory for the
dodgers it's
i mean other than games one two four and
five they crushed it they won
trump did some heavy duty tweeting with
those adorable little orange nubs of his
and i thought
this was interesting look at the times
on these tweets
this one 1 27 a.m next one 1 49 a.m and
then
next one 6 21 a.m it's like he tweeted
himself unconscious
and then woke up four hours later went
right back at it
the president was in a foul and spiteful
way this morning
his first order of business calling out
all the republican losers who didn't
embrace him
you had some that decided to let's stay
away
let's stay away they did very poorly
i'm not sure that i should be happy or
sad but i feel just fine about it
carlos cubella
mike kaufman too bad mike
mia love gave me no love and she lost
too bad sorry about that mia
he is an absolute child he really is and
trump also gotten a nasty back and forth
with jim acosta of cnm
that at times felt like it might turn
into a wrestling match
they're hundreds of miles away though
they're hundreds and hundreds of miles
away
that's not an invasion honestly i think
you should let me run the country you
run cnn
and if you did it well your ratings let
me ask you if i may ask one of the
questions mr president
if i may ask you a good question are you
worried that's enough that's it that's
president
that's gonna ask one of the other folks
that's enough pardon me ma'am i'm
mr president that's enough this
president i had one of them i may ask on
on the russia investigation are you
concerned that
that you may have i'm not concerned
about anything with you you may have an
investigation because it's a hoax that's
enough put down the mic
mr president are you worried about
indictments coming down in this
investigation
mr president i'll tell you what cnn
should be ashamed of itself
having you working for them you are a
rude
terrible person you shouldn't be working
for cnn
go ahead i i think that's a very rude
person the way you treat sarah huckabee
is horrible
and the way you treat other people are
horrible you shouldn't treat people that
way go ahead
and go ahead peter in jim's defense i've
traveled with him and watched him he's a
diligent reporter who busts well i'm not
a big fan of yours
you aren't the best what goes on
did somebody not get his snickers bar
this morning
if donald trump ever ends up on money it
should be a sock full of nickels he used
to beat people with
despite claiming victory the president
was in quite a mood today and he wasn't
just mad at jim acosta he lashed out at
just about everybody
sit down please sit down i didn't call
you i didn't call you
i didn't call you no you rudely
interrupted him i don't know why you
said
such a racist there are some people
excuse me excuse me would you please sit
down please go ahead no wait
sit down please thank you very much why
are you sit down why are you pitting
americans against one another
peter what are you trying to be him go
mr president if it's unfair to the
country
give him the mic please i've answered
the question excuse me
you you are not you are not called on no
no that's that's enough
what's your next question come on let's
go i just thought the more exciting
question than that please quiet
quiet in america what kind of a question
is that i'm just asking
just curious but the real question
comedian here who are you from
good i hope they're doing well see when
you talk about division
it's people like this
i hope someone had the sense to hide the
nuclear button today
put it under a cup or something thanks
for watching if you liked that video
click the subscribe button and if you
didn't like it
you will you hurt my feelings